CLOUD-BASED DEPLOYMENT

Run all parts of the application in the cloud.
Migrate existing applications to the cloud.
Design and build new applications in the cloud.
In a cloud-based deployment model, you can migrate existing applications to the cloud, or you can design and build new applications in the cloud. You can build those applications on low-level infrastructure that requires your IT staff to manage them. Alternatively, you can build them using higher-level services that reduce the management, architecting, and scaling requirements of the core infrastructure.


For example, a company might create an application consisting of virtual servers, databases, and networking components that are fully based in the cloud.

ON-PREMISES DEPLOYMENT

Deploy resources by using virtualization and resource management tools.
Increase resource utilization by using application management and virtualization technologies.
On-premises deployment is also known as a private cloud deployment. In this model, resources are deployed on premises by using virtualization and resource management tools.


For example, you might have applications that run on technology that is fully kept in your on-premises data center. Though this model is much like legacy IT infrastructure, its incorporation of application management and virtualization technologies helps to increase resource utilization.

HYBRID DEPLOYMENT
Connect cloud-based resources to on-premises infrastructure.
Integrate cloud-based resources with legacy IT applications.
In a hybrid deployment, cloud-based resources are connected to on-premises infrastructure. You might want to use this approach in a number of situations. For example, you have legacy applications that are better maintained on premises, or government regulations require your business to keep certain records on premises.


For example, suppose that a company wants to use cloud services that can automate batch data processing and analytics. However, the company has several legacy applications that are more suitable on premises and will not be migrated to the cloud. With a hybrid deployment, the company would be able to keep the legacy applications on premises while benefiting from the data and analytics services that run in the cloud.
